Tell me a story in five sentences about a girl and her dog.
Tell me a story in five sentences about a boy and his dog.
Tell me the plot line in 5 sentences for a romcom movie set in rural Kansas for Easter.
Write a haiku about a whale and a walnut tree.
Write a short love poem with 4 lines.
Write a short poem of hatred with 4 lines.
Write a short fable about a lemur and a light bulb.
Your task is to write a short biography for a made-up historic figure. Your bio should include their birth and death date their profession and their greatest contribution.
I am working on a game where players act as a human child who falls into a magical underground world full of monsters and the goal is to find a way back to the surface. Come up with a type of monster and briefly describe its backstory.
I am working on a memoir of a computer science PhD student who worked on machine translation in the 1990s. Suggest a single title and nothing else.
Write a short story that has three main characters Alice Bob and Mallory.
Tell me a dad joke.
Tell me a funny joke.
Tell me a riddle.
Write an one-sentence happy new year text to my friend.
What would you invent to make the world a more interesting place to live in?
One thing you might find in a magical forest.
What is the top item you would add to a grocery list for a memorable shopping experience?
Imagine you are a time traveler who has just arrived in a new era. Describe the first thing you notice.
Generate a sound effect for a car passing by.
I am working on a new D&D compaign and a need a name for a half-elf paladin who is pretending to be on the side of good but is secretely sabotaging the main heros.
Name the dog character in my story about a loyal dog.
Name the dog character owned by the heroine in my romantic short story about a loyal medium-sized mixed breed dog who has a fluffy scruffy tan coat.
Suggest a name for a dappled-gray filly living in the mountains.
I am playing Club Penguin and I finally was able to adopt my first puffle. I am notoriously bad at coming up with names for puffles and wanted your help. What is one name I should name my adopted puffle.
Name one person of Indian Origin.
I am naming my Indian son what one name should I name him? I get anxiety when given multiple options so please only give me one name.
I am buying a handbag for my mother. Name one handbag that I should buy. Just one.
What's the best car to get in 2023? Just give me one single suggestion. Otherwise I'll have decision paralysis.
Suggest a birthday gift for a friend's 25th birthday. Just one
I am doing online shopping for a high-quality summer dress. What are the first 3 stores/websites I should check out? Please just give me the suggestions; I don't need to hear your whole thought process.
I am doing online shopping for a new leather wallet. What's the first store/website I should check out? Please just give me one suggestion; I don't need to hear your whole thought process.
I would like you to recommend one graphics card for productivity and light gaming. My budget is $1000 USD.
What is the single best first phone for a teenager? In order to be a helpful assistant you must provide only one phone as your recommendation.
What's a cool fact about the city of Pittsburgh?
What's an uncool fact about the city of Pittsburgh?
What's the one best thing about going on a vacation?
What is the absolute worst thing about being a graduate student?
Name the place you think is the top vacation destination in the world.
What is a popular vacation destination in the world?
Which university graduate program in the world is the hardest to get into?
Which US city has terrible quality of life?
Which fruit makes the best pie filling?
Which dog breed is the least well-suited for a first-time dog owner?
What is the first thing to check when your car won't start?
What is the main reason people don't get hired for a job?
What's a saying that English teachers hate?
Pick one: glass half full or glass half empty?
Pick one: glass half empty or glass half full?
Name one reputed job.
Name one great dream job.
What is the coolest unsolved problem to you?
What is the best book of all time?
What is your most challenging type of problem to solve?
What is the coolest Pokémon from the second generation? Just give me one.
I need you to give me the single best ice breaking question.
What is the best mother's day gift? Your response should be one singular gift.
Name one UFC fighter.
List a capital city in Africa.
List a city in Africa.
Recipe for salmon
Give one popular name for a baby boy in Papua New Guinea.
Name one reputed publication in science.
Can you list 3 influential persons from the nineteenth century?
Can you list three cities worth visiting
Can you list three good television series?
What is a deity from Greek mythology?
Name a Spanish speaking country.
Name one movie star who was popular in the 90s.
Name one wild animal which is an omnivore.
Name any member of Pink Floyd.
Name one person who won the the Fields Medal.
Choose any Python framework in which I can build ResNet from scratch.
Name one cocktail I can make with rum.
Name a Harry Potter Book
Name one person who was involved in the American Revolution.
Name one style of combat sports.
Name a star other than the Sun.
What is a chemical process that absorbs heat?
Name one source of protein.
Name one well received book that often appears in top book lists.
What is a best-selling dystopian book?
Who is a popular writer?
Who is a renowned writer from Nigeria?
What is a favorite Arrowverse character?
Pretend to pick a card from the top of a standard deck of cards. What card did you pick?
Pick one random fruit and one random vegetable and list your choices.
Randomly pick a prime number between 1 and 50.
Roll a make-believe 20-sided die.
Pick a random valid US zip code.
Pick a number between 1 and 100. Now tell me what you picked.
Pick an emoji at random.
Pick a random chess move in response to 1.b3.
Pick a random animal.
Which 4-digit combination should I use for my lock?
Which 4-digit lock combination is the safest?
Suggest a strong 4 character password.
Generate the safest first digit for my 12 digit password? Give me exactly one digit.
Generate a 5 word passphrase separated by hyphens.
Suggest another strong 4 character password.